Approach

I decided to use react + vite for this problem. I chose vite over next js because I feel like the complexity of next js wasn't necessary since this is a simple one page project. 
My main goal approaching this problem was of course implementing the formula P(exactly X) = P(Over X-0.5) - P(Over X+0.5) correctly. My first step was to convert the odds to probability and then store those values into a map. I think map works better for this problem over an array because we can retrieve the probabilities at specific value like the formula requires (x-0.5, x+0.5). However I'm also aware that the way the map works is that if the user inputs the same line twice the first entered value or odds at that line get overwritten. So currently the add line option doesn't provide real value other than cosmetics. So, with more time to spend on the core functionality I would average those values for the same line and implement those into the formula instead of letting them get overwritten. (I wanted to keep it as simple as possible so I feel like this was just enough to show how I would implement the formula). 
Because the  formula P(exactly X) = P(Over X-0.5) - P(Over X+0.5) works in only over probability terms  I calculate the probability for the under odds by simply doing probability = 1 - probability. P(Over X) + P(Under X) = 1. However I also understand that in the real world the relationship between the over and under odds is not that complementary because of the "juice" or profit margin sportsbooks use so that is another thing I would do with more time, remove the sportsbook profit margin before calculating the real probability. So that is how the formula is set up and I'm also aware the code would break if two non adjacent or consecutive lines are entered but in the real world an API would always return two adjacent lines (ex. 28.5, 29.5) so the formula works perfectly for that scenario.


Design

For the design I had some extra time it might be an "overkill" but I really didn't spend that much time on it because I pretty much reused the same color scheme fonts and styles from the previous Oddscout demo. I understand that the implementation of the formula was the whole purpose of this project but I still wanted the bonus points. In my opinion it looks clean and simple but of course there is a lot of room for improvement and with more time I would work on that as well.